Remove GraphQLID annotation for ID class (#700)
ExpediaGroup/graphql-kotlin: docs/writing-schemas/scalars.md

## ID

> GraphQL supports a the scalar type ID, a unique identifier that is not intended to be human readable. ID's are

Reviewer: "IDs". No apostrophe.
For some reason, GitHub won't let me edit the file.

Author: @DelfCo Did you change your username?

I have added you as a `Triage` maintainer for the repo so you should be able to make suggestions

Reviewer: Oh. I see what happened. I was commenting on this one from my desktop at home, which is signed into my personal GitHub account rather than my Expedia Employee GitHub account. Thanks for the add. I'll try to maintain better sign-in discipline in future to avoid confusion about who I am and what I'm doing here.

> serialized as a String. To mark given field as an ID field you can use the wrapper class `com.expediagroup.graphql.types.ID`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
serialized as a String. In order to expose a GraphQL `ID` field you have use `com.expediagroup.graphql.types.ID` class that wraps underlying String value.
```

> serialized as a String. In order to expose a GraphQL `ID` field you have use `com.expediagroup.graphql.types.ID` class that wraps underlying String value.

Reviewer: "To expose a GraphQL `ID` field, you must use the `com.expediagroup.graphql.types.ID` class, which wraps the underlying `String` value.

> NOTE: `graphql-java` supports additional types (`String`, `Int`, `Long`, or `UUID`) but [due to serialization issues](https://github.com/ExpediaGroup/graphql-kotlin/issues/317) we can only directly support Strings. You can still use a type like UUID internally just as long as you convert or parse the value yourself and handle the errors.

```kotlin
data class Person(
    val id: ID,
    val name: String
)

> fun locatePersonWithId(id: ID) = Person(id, "John Smith")

Reviewer 2: lets rename this to `findPersonById` so it is consistent with example app
